When you work with us the image format in appeals and draws are different.
We are get a program in Python using privilege that converts between opposite reformatories format and
from format to a specific format.
In this video we're going to do the same but using the C++ language I'm going to present how we can
use Sylvian each in C++ with.
And obviously the first thing you need to do is to make sure that you have the latest versions of options
A B and also of Sivy beach.
In some cases if the civil bridge version is updated.
You may find problems later on to compile your programs.
So it would not hurt to use it.
If you get update to update your system repositories
and then we use to do it we get started.
Russ QinetiQ up and see.
OK.
So now I'm sure that they have the latest version.
Also we do the same thing for the DVB-H.
I have also the latest version.
Then let us consider the code image Suppe that TPP that is located in top city underscore perception
in the CGP finder.
So first of all we need to include Larry quited up and see the libraries.
And here we will include the image transport library which is used to define the transport protocol
for streaming images.
We will also import the Seaview bridge library and the other open city libraries image broke and guide
you.
So you really follow on object oriented programming version although you can also do it without using
classes but you're going to find a class image converter.
And then the main function you're going just to create a new object from Image converter and then all
the work will be done in the constructor.
So here we find some attributes for the class including a not handled the image transport ID the image
subscriber and the image publisher.
So what is the objective of this program is to read a video stream from us be coming up for example
it can be from any candidate.
So we're going to subscribe to a topic OK using image subscriber and then we can do some modification
where the image will do some processing for example printing something and then we publish again the
image using a publisher on another topic.
So this is the idea here of this program.
Thats why we create publisher and also a subscriber.
So the difference here the subscription is not going to be done using the Internet as we did in previous
programs and this is one of the differences between the subscription to a topic and a subscription of
an image in C++.
So I think we didn't notice that difference.
But here in the past plus we need to create an image transport object that we will use in order to create
a subscriber for the image topic and also to create a public service or we're going to advertise here
to produce that image and we will publish it into another topic so it's going to be called image and
the score converter output we do.
So this will be done here into the image converter.
And of course we need to initialize also the node handled okay by calling the constructor of the image
transport.
Okay we can create also a destructor here.
Never destroy all the windows when we complete.
And really the subscriber will define the image Colback associated to the class image co-marketing that
we find here.
And that image callback is going to take a pointer to an image which is defined hitting and busy and
then we create a new object a new CD but each object has a point here and then we will use the method
see the breach to see the copy.
It means it's going to make a conversion from Russ formit to open Sivy format.
It will take the message that we received from the callback function and then is going to convert it
to end up in a different format.
And this is the encoding of image is going to be easy.
Once the conversion is done we can now look at the information off of the image we can use that see
the bleach finder know to check the number of rows of the image and the number of columns of that image.
If it is greater than 60.
OK.
We're going to draw a point at this location 50/50 you reduce that and then we will use.
I showed it not to display the image that we have collected so this is now the Open see the image which
is collected using Sivy point or image.
OK.
So this is how we can collect the opposite image and then we can access different attributes putting
up a number of rows number of columns or the image itself that you want to display using.
OK so this is going to open a window and then we display the image coming from the video stream.
And what we can also do is to publish the new image in addition to displaying the image we can create
an other topic to publish the image.
So we would use the image publisher to publish and we will use this method see the pointer to image
message what does it do.
It's going to convert the opposite image into the image format supported by Ross and then it will publish
this image into the Rustico system.
We can collect this image by just creating a subscriber to image converter upload video.
Of course the subscriber that you will create it will be a type image from the packet sensor.
I and this method to Image image is going to convert the message from open CD format to a Cross message
of type sounds and images yes image.
Now we are ready to compile and execute this code.
And of course like any C++ program we need to add this into CMYK list.
And here there are a couple of things that we need to add.
First of all we need to add two packages the civic blitz package and the image transport package into
the dependencies needed by this project.
So in the final package we need to add civil breach and also image transport because these two libraries
were included into our C++ code bridge and also image transfer.
So you need to add these packages into the make list and then we to clean the executable.
So we'll add an executable.
And this is the name of the executable image pops up CPB.
We specify the source file which is the source file that we have just explained and presented here like
we did with the previous codes.
We need to add the target libraries in libraries and also we need to link up and see the libraries to
the executable image pops up CVP.
And of course we should not forget to add the package up and see me and also to include the directories.
This is already done for the previous code and it's also added for the new executable that you are adding.
So after doing these changes we can compile our code.
Ok so you can see image pops up.
CBP is not key of course.
Now we need to add several programs we need to run the driver for the user become gay which is a restaurant
that's become used become known and we need to run also an image.
We need to run several nodes instead of running them one by one in a terminal.
It is more effective to create a lunch fight for creating all these different notes and starting them
all together.
So for this you can go to the folder topic for the perception CBP launch and you can open this launch
site.
So the number that allows five is a file that allows to start multiple nodes at the same time.
In this case we want to start three different notes.
The first note is do you use become node which belongs to the second package.
And these winds the driver of the US because he is going to start you as we can for streaming and get
a certain number of parameters that we need to adjust.
For example we have to specify the video device being that first device at slash upstairs video zero.
This is faster the first video and device connected to the computer.
The image with the image right.
These are options we can put them to some form and this is actually the work.
And also we're going to map the image topic to be camera slash imagery.
The second node will represent the image of you know and he's going to subscribe to the topic us because
there are no images.
OK which is going to correspond to the topic of this image of this node because here we have the no
name is used become it or not.
So this is the No Name and this is the name of the topic that we are going to use.
And same thing we're going to start to sort of note that is our image pops up CPB and yet we're going
to limit the topic name image.
So we're going to map the topic name image into the topic name that is going to be published by DC.
Of course you can add a fourth note that is going to subscribe to the full on topic image converter
output video.
And now we have last five that is going to start everything at once.
So everything is ready now will be our program is really combined.
Now we get we can use the roast lunch
essentially CPB
and then you have the image of the Dutch at the start of this no.
OK.
That is one small error that we can fix.
There are multiple notes that I've named image view you know swing easy to that because we have this
note has the same name as this no.
So let me call this one image view to note and then you can start the program again.
OK so you can see now
we have three windows.
This is the window that subscribes to the origin image.
OK this is the second window that we have in the last fight.
OK which subscribe to this video stream.
OK because now we differentiated using the size that is bigger 1280 and 720.
And this one is the third window that is so that subscribes to the image of with video.
This one that is published by that image pops up.
Not that we have yet.
So this is an example of how we can use a bridge in order to subscribe to an image converted to pop
and see the format and then publish again the options of the format into using Publisher.
So you can clearly observe that working with a PC in C++ and Rowse is much more complicated than working
in person.
This is why my recommendation is actually to do most of your programs interface with Python because
it's going to simplify more the development process.
Unless you want to have realtime execution in this case it's going to be worth investing your time in
developing with C++.